Popup: update 'Scrolling' demo description (#2498)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Popup/Scrolling/description.md

This demo shows two implementations of scrolling in the Popup component.

> When you click the first **Show Popup** button, the Popup with a native scrollbar appears. The component always displays a native scrollbar when Popup content's height is greater than Popup height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click the first **Show Popup** button, a Popup with a native scrollbar appears. The component always displays a native scrollbar when the height of the Popup's content is greater than that of the Popup.
```

> A click on the second **Show Popup** button also displays a Popup with a scrollbar, but this scrollbar belongs to the [ScrollView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/) component. This implementation is more flexible: you can, for example, enable [right-to-left representation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Configuration/#rtlEnabled) or scroll the content to a [specific position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Methods/#scrollTotargetLocation). To learn all the options available, refer to the [ScrollView API section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/).

Reviewer 2: I would maybe split once sentence... 

```suggestion
A click on the second **Show Popup** button also displays a Popup with a scrollbar, but this scrollbar belongs to the [ScrollView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/) component. This implementation is more flexible. For example, you can enable [right-to-left representation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Configuration/#rtlEnabled) or scroll the content to a [specific position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Methods/#scrollTotargetLocation). To learn about all available options, refer to the [ScrollView API section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/).
```

> A click on the second **Show Popup** button also displays a Popup with a scrollbar, but this scrollbar belongs to the [ScrollView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/) component. This implementation is more flexible. For example, you can enable [right-to-left representation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Configuration/#rtlEnabled) or scroll the content to a [specific position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Methods/#scrollTotargetLocation). To learn about all available options, refer to the [ScrollView API section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A click on the second **Show Popup** button also displays a Popup with a scrollbar, but this scrollbar belongs to the [ScrollView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/) component. This implementation is more flexible. For example, you can enable [right-to-left representation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Configuration/#rtlEnabled) or scroll the content to a [specific position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/Methods/#scrollTotargetLocation). For more information about the available options, refer to the [ScrollView API section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScrollView/).
```
